Hyperlink (#75)
opengisch/QField-docs: en/prepare/attributes-from.rst

+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| Hidden            | :yay:`✔`        |                                                 |
+-------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------+

> | Attachment | :moreorless:`~` | This field is combined with camera integration. |

Reviewer: Can you fix the indentation here? There are spaces missing to make the vertical lines look like a table.

In case of the many-to-one cardinality on many-to-many relations the Display Expression needs to be set on the linking table.

.. _attachment:

Attachment (photo settings)
...........................

> The widget type "Attachement" is used to store the path to collected photos, pdf and docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The widget type "Attachement" is used with fields that store the path to files.

It can be used to:

- show and take photos
- or to show links to external files like pdfs or documents
```

On synchronization the sub-directory with the pictures has to be copied as well.

**Warning**

The option "hyperlink" on the attachment widget will disable the camera functionality and enable a hyperlink to open a document (pdf, doc, ...).

>  .. figure:: /images/hyperlink_option.PNG

Reviewer: @lucienicolier in general, use lowercase file endings. They mostly don't hurt uppercase. But sometimes they come after you.
